1. "If you want to achieve grea 'If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.' --Anonymous
2. 'Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.' --John Wooden
3. 'To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.' --Anonymous
4. 'If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.' --Jim Rohn
5. 'Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.' --Anonymous
6. 'Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.' --Swami Vivekananda
7. 'All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.' --Walt Disney
8. 'Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.' --Anonymous
9. 'If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.' --Anonymous
10. 'Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.' --Winston Churchill
11. 'Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.' --Proverb
12. 'Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.' --Anonymous
13. 'Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.' --Vaibhav Shah
14. 'Opportunities don't happen, you create them.' --Chris Grosser
15. 'Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.' --Albert Einstein
16. 'Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.' --Eleanor Roosevelt
17. "I have not failed. I've ju. 'I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.' --Thomas A. Edison
18. 'If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.' --Kim Garst
19. 'A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.' --David Brinkley
20. 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.' --Eleanor Roosevelt
21. 'The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.' --Henry Ford
22. 'If you're going through hell keep going.' --Winston Churchill
23. 'The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.' --Anonymous
24. 'Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.' --Anonymous
25. 'What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.' --Oscar Wilde
26. 'The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.' --Anonymous
27. 'The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.' --Bruce Feirstein
28. 'When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.' --Lolly Daskal
29. 'Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.' --John D. Rockefeller
30. 'No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.' --Anonymous
31. 'Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.' --Nathaniel Hawthorne
32. 'If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.' --Albert Einstein
33. 'Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.' --Anonymous
34. 'Do one thing every day that scares you.' --Anonymous
35. 'What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.' --Anonymous
36. 'Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.' --Lolly Daskal
37. 'Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.' --Anonymous
38. 'Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.' --Anonymous 
39. 'Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.' --Anonymous
40. 'You can do anything, but not everything. --Anonymous